DOCSP-48325: Monitoring feedback (#223)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/monitoring.txt

In this guide, you can learn how to configure **monitoring** in {+driver-short+}
by using {+driver-short+}'s callback-based interface. Monitoring is the process of
gathering information about your application's behavior as it runs.

> This can help you make informed decisions when designing and debugging your application, as
> well as track your application's performance and resource usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information can help you make informed decisions when designing and debugging your application.
You can use information from monitoring events to track your application's performance and resource usage.
```
